Complete docs from comments (#1504)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/validator_operator/validator_compose.rst

  ``<party_hint>`` will be used as the prefix of the Party ID of your validator's administrator.
     This must be of format `<organization>-<function>-<enumerator>`, e.g. `myCompany-myWallet-1`.

>      It cannot be changed over time as it is part of the node party ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     It cannot be changed over time as it is part of the validator operator party ID.
```

WALLET_ADMIN_USER             The user ID of the user which should login as the wallet administrator. Note that this should be the full user id, e.g., ``auth0|43b68e1e4978b000cefba352``, *not* only the suffix ``43b68e1e4978b000cefba352``.
WALLET_UI_CLIENT_ID           The client id of the OAuth app for the wallet UI.
ANS_UI_CLIENT_ID              The client id of the OAuth app for the CNS UI.

> CONTACT_POINT                 The contact point for your validator node that can be used by other node operators to reach out to you if needed (slack username or an email address).

Reviewer: this is optional right? if so let's point this out
